Docs: move section on configuration variables (#2910)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/documenting/create-page.md

### Configuration

> Every integration page should contain a configuration sample.

Author: ```suggestion
Every integration page should contain a configuration example. This includes UI variable descriptions for integrations with a configuration flow, and YAML configuration for integrations that don't yet support a configuration flow.
```
